Better than Earth habitability

Earth undoubtly has very good conditions for supporting life. Although it is expected that many other planets on the outer space have conditions at least as good as Earth, the vast majority doesn't, making them unhospitable to life or probably being able to support only very simple lifeforms. Earth itself for some billions of years until the Ediacaran or Cambrian could only support very simple lifeforms.
There are many parameters that may influence the habitability of a planet and its ability to support complex life: Star type; star temperature; star luminosity; stellar activity; stellar stability; star age; planet age; planet composition; planet size; orbital excentricity; orbital length; rotation axis inclination; planet tectonics; planet magnetosphere; presence and influence of satellites; abundance of water; planet atmosphere; interactions with other planets; presence or absence of asteroids, comets and minor planets planets belts and their position, distribution and composition; galactic orbit; galactic neighborhood; mass-extinction events rate, probability and intensity; and hundred of other possible variables including some based on pure luck and random chance.
Many of the parameters are modeled after Earth itself, since Earth is the only place so far that we know that life exists, and even if we found some alien life somewhere, it will probably be limited only to very simple forms of life.
But, what combinations of those parameters could lead to a planet with better life support than Earth itself?
Ok, you may argue that the question is too broad, so by "good life support" we could say something that allows the planet to evolve plenty biodiverse multicellular life ranging from simple microscopic creatures to complex dozens-meters long creatures with many body-differentiated parts and organs in a short timespan. So, a planet that has an environment which allows the development of richly-diverse and complex plant-like and animal-like creatures in a billion years after formation and stay like this for another 10 billion years is expected to be more life-friendly than Earth.
Further, lets restrict the biochemistry to what we know: water-based and carbon-based life, but not necessarily oxygen-breathing.
By the way, I am not asking anything about intelligent life or humans, just complex multicellular and biodiverse life.
By the way: two important links about the subject: http://www.nature.com/scientificamerican/journal/v312/n1/box/scientificamerican0115-32_BX1.html and http://www.nature.com/scientificamerican/journal/v312/n1/full/scientificamerican0115-32.html