Conundrum involving distance to object, universal expansion, age of universe, etc

I was recently reading about a galaxy or quasar (not sure which, so lets just say quasar) where the estimated distance to this thing was some very significant fraction of the age of the universe.  What I mean is this:  I can't recall the exact particulars, but assuming for argument's sake that the age of the universe is 13.8 billion years old, this thing was like 13 billion light years away.  (Again, some detail here might be slightly off; the thing might have been estimated at 12 billion light years away - so focus on the general principle I am layout out here, not any particulars).
What I don't understand is this.  If the thing is 13 billion light years away, then the light reaching my eyes as I look at it now took 13 billion years to get to me.  Yet the age of the universe is 13.8 billion years old (again if I'm slightly wrong in some of these numbers, just accept them for now for argument's sake).  It means the light must have left this object when the universe was much "smaller" or more compact, and things were much closer together.  Which means the light should have passed my position a long time ago if I have been either "moving" or "expanding" (or some combination) away from the object at anything except some rather large percentage of the speed of light.
To try to boil this down, or restate it in simpler terms:  1) either it seems I am moving/expanding/red-shifting away from this object at some significant fraction of the speed of light (haven't done the numbers, but might be 80% or 90% or so) and have been for a while, or 2) something is "off" (the age of the universe, or the distance of this object).
or 3) there is something I'm not understanding.  Which is why I came here.
I have never seen it stated that we are "expanding" or "redshifting" or [insert whatever term you like] at some significant fraction of the speed of light; I have only ever seen it stated that for some brief period of time after the big bang the universe could have (or did) expand faster than light, but again that was for like less than a second if memory serves.
At any rate, anyone care to explain?
Thanks.