Mars vs Venus: the retention of atmospheres in relationship to Earth

Correct me if I'm wrong, but the factors than enable a planet to retain or lose an atmosphere seem to be: 1. Magnetic Field, 2. Solar Winds, 3.Weight of Gases, 4. Planetary Temperatures. 5. Distance from the Sun In regards to solar winds and planetary temperatures.  

A strong magnetic field usually helps to retain all the gases, even the lightest as on Earth.  The magnetic field prevents solar winds and radiation from reaching the atmosphere and exciting the gases enough to escape the gravitation planet.
The Strength of the Solar Winds have the ability to excite gas molecules enough to escape the gravity of the planet. Their strength is determined by the planets proximity to the Sun. Their effects are mitigated by the strength of the magnetic fields and molecular weight of the different gases.
Molecular Weight of the Gases and the gravity of the planet. While Venus has a much stronger solar wind than Mars and almost no magnetic fields, it's not a question of maintaining an atmosphere, as much as maintaining what kind of atmosphere.  The lighter gases like Hydrogen, Oxygen and Nitrogen are not present on Venus, but CO2 and heavier gases are.  The heavier gases are much less easily excited due to their heavier molecular weight and thus remain, unable to escape the gravity of the planet.  That is not to say that the heavier gases aren't aren't blown away to one degree or another, but aren't blown away in more significant amounts.  Thus Venus has an atmosphere of these gases.
Planetary Temperature as well as the lack of a molecular field has a great deal to do with the lack of an atmosphere on Mars.  The lighter gases still escape but the heavier ones, more specifically CO2, remain, but mostly in frozen form.  The lower temperatures are also thought to be responsible for some remaining water, stored in the form of ice below the surface.  
Distance from the sun determines the strength of the solar winds and planetary temperature.

From what I see, these factors, interacting, determine the ability of the planets to retain an atmosphere, and of course, what kind of atmosphere.  While my writing may have some issues, I'm not so much concerned with that this point(I can work on it), as I am to know if I have an accurate and comprehensive understanding of all the known factors that determine a planets atmosphere.  Thank you.