Is it possible to build a ground-based telescope that can directly image Earth-like planets orbiting in the habitable zone of sunlike stars?

In the following discussion I will refer to Earth-like exoplanets planets orbiting in the habitable zone of sunlike stars simply as “Earth-like exoplanets."
NASA is currently developing or considering three space telescopes that would be able to directly image Earth-like exoplanets:

The WFIRST space telescope (if it’s equipped with a starshade).
The HabEx space telescope, which would be equipped with both a starshade and
a coronagraph.
The LUVOIR space telescope, which would use a coronagraph to block the light 
of an exoplanet’s star.

I can think of three possible reasons why it might not be feasible to build a ground-based telescope that can (like the three space-based telescopes) directly image Earth-like exoplanets:

Reason 1: A starshade is one of the best technologies for blocking the light 
         of an exoplanet’s star, and it seems very difficult to use a 
         starshade with a ground-based telescope. 
Reason 1 seems valid, but it doesn’t seem that it can be the whole story 
because (as discussed above) the LUVOIR telescope will only use a coronagraph 
to block the light of an exoplanet’s star, and the HabEx telescope will use a 
starshade for some observations and a coronagraph for other observations.
Reason 2: Maybe the type of coronagraphs planned for the LUVOIR and HabEx 
         telescopes wouldn’t work for a ground-based telescope.
Reason 3: One of the main reasons why scientists want to directly image 
         Earth-like exoplanets is to spectroscopically examine their 
         atmospheres to look for possible signs of life such as oxygen and 
         methane. Maybe spectroscopically examining the atmospheres of 
         Earth-like exoplanets requires imaging in the infrared spectrum, 
         which isn’t possible for ground-based telescopes.

Are these three reasons valid, and do they imply that it isn’t feasible to build a ground-based telescope that can directly image Earth-like exoplanets? Are there other factors that need to be considered? Or is it actually possible to build a ground-based telescope that can directly image Earth-like exoplanets?