Could dark energy be negative gravity?

Main question: Could dark energy (the mysterious accelerating expansion of the universe) be explained by "negative gravity"?  
"Spin off" questions:

Does antimatter have negative gravity?  
If antimatter has negative gravity, and is present in the universe with equal amounts of matter and antimatter, would it produce the observed amount of dark energy in the universe?

My theory that I am trying to validate:
Gravity is the flow of space into matter, and it flows out of antimatter.  If this is true, antimatter should have "negative gravity", I would expect it to have a repelling effect, while matter has an attracting effect.  For example, if antimatter were on earth (somehow without annihilating), it would fall to the planet.  However, if there were an antimatter planet, objects would "fall up" off it.  In fact, I believe the antimatter planet would break apart because of this quality.  Furthermore, I don't believe antimatter planets or stars would form because of this quality (e.g. it would remain anti-hydrogen).  I also theorize that it would be in parts of the universe where matter isn't (e.g. in the voids outside the galactic clusters), and would be very diffuse (because it would repel itself).  I believe the theorized repelling effect of antimatter could be what we are observing as dark energy (hence why I am asking these questions).  I just searched for this online to see if anyone else has this theory, and yes, someone has something very similar here: http://www.universetoday.com/84934/antigravity-could-replace-dark-energy-as-cause-of-universes-expansion/
** Edit **
It seems others have caught on and simulated the idea of negative mass as dark energy in the universe.  They have run simulations with equal mass and negative mass and ended up with a result that resembles the current universe!  They say negative mass might also explain dark matter!  Check it out here: https://youtu.be/MZtS7cBMIc4
This video also shows how negative mass might react: https://youtu.be/uAJlg8MDAlU