Scholarly work on the gravitational disruption of a rocky planet by a close pass with another planet?

note: While the apparently abandoned question Effects of a rogue planet passing between the Earth and the Moon? (inspired by Thundarr the Barbarian) asks for speculation and was answered with it, this question asks for something different. Solar system evolution will likely involve both accumulation of matter into planets and destruction of formed planets by various mechanisms.
I'm interested in finding out if there is scholarly work on the *gravitational disruption of rocky, Earth-like planets due to close passes by, but not collisions with other planets.

An earth-sized rogue planet passing at high speed on a hyperbolic orbit around the sun will generally not have a huge effect on the solar system as a whole.  But if it did happen to pass close to earth (say ~1 million miles), it could seriously disrupt the Earth's orbit around the Sun and the Moon's orbit around the Earth.  Most perturbations would lead to much more elliptical orbits.  These would likely lead to an increase in seasonal extremes and perhaps to larger ocean tides.  These changes would then be relatively permanent.  There are also questions about the transient effects during the 'near miss'.  Would tidal forces from the passing rogue planet induce seismic events on the Earth?
This maybe isn't quite the right forum, but have there been any scientific studies along these lines? It also sounds like a good topic for a science-based novel.  Presumably mankind would have years or decades of warning for such an event and would be able to make reasonable predictions about how the environment on Earth will change.  The long-term survival of mankind or life in general in the new environment would be a whole other question.
I do see this similar question and that answer does discuss some important points.
[Edit] But I was hoping that someone might have investigated this scenario in more detail, perhaps with a specific example. I'm wondering if one can do a back-of-the-envelope calculation of how much delta-V the Earth would get from an Earth-size intruder whizzing past at a distance of, say, 1 million km at a speed of 100 km/s. That might allow the range of perturbed orbits and range of insolation and temperatures, etc. to be calculated.