What do the calendar rounds in Tomás Filsingers "Map of the Universe 2.000" mean?

Recently I did the Ravensburger puzzle "Map of the Universe 2.000 - Celestial Chart and Calendar Rounds" by Tomás Filsinger:

Tomás said the last time he visited this site in 2019, that he finished a new, improved map. I recognize some of the described features in the puzzle, e.g. the "60 galactic years since the big bang".
I am just trying to analyse the multiple rings of calendars, like the meaning of the blue and orange triangles, the tiny colored lines with squares (I think they are planets, but how do they relate to the calendar?), the red to blue-colored ring, why the grey (on the innermost ring) and yellow constellations (as part of the firmament), and the blue months and the grey months are shifted against another, why there are stars on the outer ring ... well almost most of what is going on in this exquisitely beautiful, but (at least for me) quite complex chart.
I asked the publisher, but he was not able to explain it.
If someone might be interested, I could send details of the map.
Perhaps Tomás is reading this, like in the other post, and could explain his map himself?
p.s.: I included a detail photo of the puzzle).
You can see several things here (from bottom to top, with my comments in parenthese; please forgive my choice of terms, I am a star map rookie):

grey triangles with the galactic years, divided in 12 steps (why?), and small diamonds with major events, but on another scale (10, 1.000, 2.150 years: why?). There must also be some kind of horizon, because there is the Southern Cross, and Alpha Centauri.
a dotted line, with a white dot for every 20 blue dots (dont know, must be something regarding planets, there is a tiny Venus on the right and the weekday is Friday).
4 lines with jovian planets (I think), and their movement over the year (I think).
a red dotted line, for Mars (I think).
the days of the respective month, with orange triangles (why are they pointing at the dotted lines?).
the months in different languages, with their meteor showers.
a white dotted line, for Venus (I think, text is "263 days as evening star").
another very tiny line (Mercury?)
days of week, in different languages, with some objects.
a band with a spectrum (which?), red to blue, here green, with missing lines (which?).
signs of the zodiac.
degrees of longitude, including hours of the day (why?).
sky map, with day of month ("16, "17", why?), moon phases, yellow dashed line (which?), ecliptic, celestial equator, and of course many objects and constellations.

And: how is it all connected to another ;-)
There are some more details, but these are the main constituents and corresponding questions. The booklet Tomás provided for downloading in the other post should help a bit, and if you refer me to other sources because this is all standard stuff, that would be fine for me.
Looking at my questions at the start of the post I already see that I answered some of my former questions myself, but much is left :-/