Which A. M. Fridman is the author of this paper on gravitational stability?

Is this paper on globular cluster stability still up to date? links to The Stability of Globular Clusters and Spherical Galaxies. by A. M. Fridman of the:

Institude of Nuclear Physics, Siberian Branch, Academy of Sciences of the USSR (Translated from Astronomicheskii Zhurnal, 48 (2) pp. 320-322, March-April, 1971

I was curious who the plasma physicist contributing to the field of gravitational stability was. I found:

Drexel University's Alexander Fridman with lots of plasma but no reference to Astrophyiscs.
Wikipedia: Alexei Fridman (Alexey Maksimovich Fridman)


Alexey Maksimovich Fridman was a Soviet physicist specializing in astrophysics, physics of gravitating systems and plasma physics. He discovered new types of instabilities in gravitating media, created the theory of planetary rings and predicted the existence of small Uranus satellites that were later discovered. He also developed hydrodynamic theory of the spiral structure in galaxies. Fridman worked at the Institute of Astronomy of the Russian Academy of Sciences, INASAN, and was professor of Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology and Moscow State University.

and later

Articles
More than 250 scientific papers in plasma physics, quantum physics of solid body, theoretical physics, cosmology, relativistic astrophysics, general problem of gravity physics, dynamics of stellar systems, gravity hydrodynamics, nonlinear dynamics (solitons, shock waves, vortices, turbulence), dynamics of gaseous galactic disk, problem of spiral structure generation, laboratory simulation of spiral-vortex structure generation on the set-up with rotating shallow water, models of the Milky Way, dynamics of accretion disks, dynamics of circumstellar disks, cosmogony, physics of planetary rings, dynamics of space tether systems, seismic activity of the Earth, tsunami wave suppression.

Question: Which A. M. Fridman is the author of this paper on gravitational stability?Is it the Wikipedia linked Alexey Maksimovich Fridman the author of the linked paper?, the one now at Drexel, or someone else?

I'm getting confused because they do look somewhat similar, though photos are from substantially different time periods:
 
cropped from here and here