Hoping to do some viewing and astrophotography with a large-ish Dobsonian and a DLSR, is this scheme workable?

I haven't put a camera behind a telescope since the lunar eclipse of 1975 except for a few experiments with  a cell phone held behind a pair of binoculars.
I want the occasional thrill of using a large-ish aperture telescope with the following constraints:

Me and my "audience" (fellow observers) have unpredictable schedules and the weather opportunities are always changing. Everything has to work on short notice.
We live in bright cities so my setup needs to be small and light enough that one person can carry it to public transportation (trains, city + long distance buses) without stowing as luggage, so that we can scoot to areas with darker skies and possibly higher altitudes.
I'm on a very modest budget and will be scrounging for either used equipment or DIY solutions.

It seems that for large-ish apertures the Dobsonian mount is the ideal choice as it has the potential to be much lighter than an equatorial.
And an open tube design based on struts that can be assembled, rather than a solid rigid tube seems to be best for the required portability.
For some modest forays into astrophotography, I'm hoping that the lack of guidance can be overcome (with compromises) by taking a lot of short exposures and stacking for nebulae, and the large aperture will require very short exposures for planets, facilitating lucky imaging.
For the astrophotography part I imagine taking a lot of images one night then having fun for weeks playing with image processing for weeks afterwards.
Question: I'm hoping to do some viewing and astrophotography with a large-ish Dobsonian and a DLSR, is this scheme workable?
There are plenty of questions and detailed answers here already on these aspects, so please refer to those when possible rather than recreate them here.
Here I'm just trying to understand if this is a reasonable scheme or if there are unforeseen problems, so answers based on experience are ideal.