Has the birth of a new star ever been observed (scientifically speaking)?


Not too long ago, Pluto was "demoted" because it no longer met the criteria for being a full-fledged planet. Similarly, in order to be classified as a star (and not, say, a proto-star, or ... etc.), a cosmic body must meet a number of requirements.

Imagine that your field binoculars are way out of focus and all you can see is undifferentiated blur. You start adjusting them, turning the knob ever so slowly, until suddenly there comes a moment when you can see shapes. They're still blurry, but they're definitely shapes: trees, houses, the sky, etc. Only a second ago you couldn't tell which was which, but now you can.


In that sense, has the birth of a new star ever been registered?
It is theorized that approximately three new stars are formed in the Milky Way each year. That is the official, approved, paradigm-friendly view.
Three new stars. Every year. That's 300 stars in the last hundred years.
No matter how slow the process of star formation may be, there must always come a moment when a budding star enters a registerable new phase.
The distance between this new star and the Sun and the appropriate time lapse are irrelevant, since three stars per year has been the standard rate for billions of years. It is therefore of no consequence whatsoever whether the star entered said phase in Aristotle's time or Moses' time or even before the Earth-as-a-planet became, cosmically speaking, a thing. Formation phase changes remain formation phase changes no matter how far in the past they occurred. They don't get depreciated with time.
A theory (as opposed to a hypothesis) requires a healthy evidence/conjecture ratio.
With all of the above in mind: has the birth of a new star ever been actually directly observed and registered? (I.e. does direct evidence in favor of the process actually exist?)
And if not, is it safe to say, that for all we know, star formation is no longer a thing in the Milky Way, and/or, for that matter, in the rest of the Universe?