Solar eclipse impact on twilight

Has anyone observed the impact of the solar eclipse on twilight? I mean mostly the extension of the totality path in the atmosphere.
I mean the pattern below:

I - normal situation with total solar eclipse happening above the horizon
II - umbra meets the terminator, but the eclipse can be still visible by the observer
III - something like single-limit eclipse with umbra partially coincided with the Earth's shadow
IV - Eclipse is almost gone for an observer at the terminator line, but umbra still can be observed in the atmosphere
V - Umbra leaves the atmosphere
VI - Umbra is totally gone
I am wondering if it's anyone, who watched this phenomenon being further than the eclipse limit at sunrise or sunset. Because the twilight period including about 1500 nautical miles, any casual observer could see the impact of the eclipse in the atmosphere when the eclipse event itself isn't observed anymore (as it's geometrically below the horizon).
In general, an event such as this can be helpful in the following observations:

near-sun objects,
solar F-corona
twilight standstill
others ???

An example of one of the approaches is considered here:
https://www.mkrgeo-blog.com/12p-pons-brooks-comet-during-2024-total-solar-eclipse/
I realize, that it's quite pointless traveling to the Twilight zone whereas flying just 1000km further you could enjoy a beautiful eclipse event, but... the question is predominantly for casual, local observers living in the areas, in which events such as these took place before!
The impact of the solar eclipse on twilight has practically the same frequency as the solar eclipse. For example in Europe, we have forthcoming 2 events on April 8, 2024, and August 12, 2026.
The sources about this phenomenon are rather scant. I found them maybe 8-10. Including historical observations. If anyone could come up with some nice links, which would help me to carry on studying about it, that would be great!
Any photos, links, scripts, and references will be cordially appreciated if anyone was fortunate to catch an event such as this.