Could we (Earth, Humanity, Solar System) be falling into a black hole?

With the expansion of the universe, all objects far away from us appear to be moving away (ie: exhibit Redshift).  With distance, this acceleration / redshift also seems to increase (~73,000 (m/s) / (1,000,000 parsecs)).  The general trend across all observations also seems to be accelerating.
Could this be because the frame of reference of the observer is changing?  ie: "I'm falling into a well, but from my own perspective it looks like the sky is falling away from me."  The obvious candidate being a gravity well, where distortion affects objects falling at different locations and velocities differently.  "The sky looks like its falling away faster the further away it is."  And the entire process appears to be accelerating.  Also sounds like falling.
Except, from the perspective of the observer it is not obvious the observer exists within a black hole, because the creature was born within the black hole, and the falling time scales (from the perspective of a livable object like a planet) are so long that most organisms live and die without noticing?
Question: Could be we (as a society) be falling into a black hole and instead correlate it as "expanding universe everywhere".
Edit: Other thoughts on this.  The Great Attractor and the direction of the Dark Flow both appear to also point in a zone behind the Zone of Avoidance directly within the Milky Way's galactic plane.  The orientation then looks like a long line of larger and larger attractors.
Edit2: Added an image to respond to justhalf comment below, and also illustrate view distortion outside the "die immediately" zone.  Note, if you were born in the second situation, the star field still looks "normal", just contracted compared to what you'd see otherwise.

And a further image with 2D curvature illustration and verbal description.

If there were many layers of this type of effect nested, then they would all have this layered "distort your vision towards a dot / point" effect.  Second image is taken from the header of this Science News Article and modified for my topic.
Edit3: From @dominicf below in comments "new speculative article with a similar focus here: livescience.com/space/could-earth-be-inside-a-black-hole"
From the article "A black hole looks very much like the Big Bang in reverse. … The math looks similar." G. Khanna, U. Rhode Island.