Question about space-time

In the Big Bang model of the Universe, every observable thing is thought to have expanded very abruptly from a point of infinite density and zero volume. However, the problem with this assertion is that for something to expand it first needs a locality in which to do such, which brings us to my question. How can scientists believe that "everything" was condensed and then suddenly expanded, since such is automatically an oxymoron?
Expansion is a physical property of the universe and yet if "everything" had no where to expand, how could it have expanded? There was "nothing," was there not? Even if we drop the big bang model and talk about "everything's" being in a singularity point, the question still stands.
Where was the singularity point? Asked differently, into what is everything expanding (which is a rhetorical question I ask to implicate space-time as necessarily existing irrespective of any theoretical expansion and likely so vastly that one might as well assume that space-time is infinitely large).   
As well, it seems counter-intuitive, as little impressive a word as that is given its context here, that something like... well, "everything" could be condensed in the first place, let alone infinitely condensed and with zero volume. When thinking about the big-bang model, I can't help but conclude that a mere analogy was originally used for stellar birth, evolution and finally explosion. The issue though is still extension.
As far as I understood it, the big bang model states that space itself was also condensed along with everything else in the observable universe to a point of singularity. So, if that's the case, then [where] was the singularity point?
It ends up becoming an infinite regress, of course. Or, if you don't like the issue of "time" presupposed by my question, then look at the question after the universe started expanding. All the matter had to expand somewhere and "somewhere" is not "nothing." - It just seems that the model is somehow overlooking said feature of the actual universe and trying to account for it by mere assertion.
If you want to call it space-time, extension, space, where everything supposedly expanded to and is and is still expanding to, then that's my question. How does the theory allege where everything is yet at the same time assert that prior to the singularity point, there was literally nothing.