Question about Telescopes , observations and explanations of the observations

Though I am active on Physics, I am new to Astronomy. I am an amateur astronomer, actually even worse than amateur. I have just started it.
I have a 60 mm objective 700mm focal length refractor which I mainly use with a 20 mm eyepiece.
I have a couple of questions regarding the telescope, observations and explanations behind observations. Since they are all interlinked I decided to ask them together.
1) So, firstly the basics. Regarding the resolution power of a telescope, we know from the Rayleigh criterion that diffraction does happen at the objective. But Diffraction happens when light passes through a narrow slit or bends around a corner (whose dimensions are of the order of the wavelength of light). But there is no slit and probably no bending of light. How come then do we assume a diffraction pattern to have formed when considering the derivation of the resolution of a telescope?
2) How are exit pupil and entry pupil different from the diameter of the eyepiece and objective?
3) Why on increasing the magnification does the brightness of the object reduce (the physics behind it)? I mean that if I use 4mm eyepiece then, first of all, it becomes very difficult to find the object and secondly its brightness gets reduced when compared to the brightness that I had got using a 20mm eyepiece?
4) Secondly why do the Barlow lenses reduce the brightness a lot. And why on using  Barlow lenses the field of view get smaller and the object passes twice as quickly as without the Barlow?
5) Now the biggest question. How is it possible that every time I point my telescope towards a visible planet or a star (I know it's a star because of the sky map), I see almost the same size, when stars are visible only as small dots. The stars appear to be bluish and the planets which I have seen (Mars and Jupiter) appear reddish. That's ok but a star can not be visible as a sphere. Stars appear as dots, don't they?
6)How can I make the telescope give the best results i.e which eyepiece should I use and whether I should use Barlow lenses or not?