Why would a planet form a cometlike tail under conditions of weaker rather than stronger solar wind?

This question is prompted by one posted on the worldbuilding stack exchange:
https://worldbuilding.stackexchange.com/questions/189701/could-this-planets-tail-be-visible
I understand that the ionized gas tails of comets are formed by the effect of solar radiation on the comet followed by a push from the solar wind.
In the article on Venus I found and then an article on a gas giant exoplanet linked in the comments, both planets formed a tail under conditions of low solar wind.  Text and links to these sources below.
http://www.esa.int/Science_Exploration/Space_Science/When_a_planet_behaves_like_a_comet

The observations were made in August 2010 when NASA’s Stereo-B
spacecraft measured a drop in solar wind density to 0.1 particles per
cubic centimetre, around 50 times lower than normally observed; this
persisted for about 18 hours.  As this significantly reduced solar
wind hit Venus, Venus Express saw the planet’s ionosphere balloon
outwards on the planet’s ‘downwind’ nightside, much like the shape of
the ion tail seen streaming from a comet under similar conditions.
“The teardrop-shaped ionosphere began forming within 30–60 minutes
after the normal high pressure solar wind diminished. Over two Earth
days, it had stretched to at least two Venus radii into space,” says
Yong Wei of the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in
Germany, lead author of the new findings.

 A giant comet-like cloud of hydrogen escaping the warm Neptune mass exoplanet GJ 436 

According to our simulation, the stellar radiation pressure
counterbalances ≲70% of the star’s gravity pull on escaping atoms,
which is much less than in hot Jupiter systems, in which radiation
pressure takes over stellar gravity by factors of 3 to 5 (ref. 20).
The low stellar radiation pressure at GJ 436b allows the formation of
a large coma and tail of escaping atoms, co-moving with the planet
although not gravitationally bounded to it (Fig. 4).

When I think of wind forming a tail I think of a smokestack on a windy day.  More wind = longer tail.  I do not understand why weaker solar wind would allow a planetary tail and stronger would prevent it.