Observing the motion of the solar system and galaxy through space?

This is very perplexing.
Conditions:

planets are moving around the sun (solar system)
solar system is moving as part of the galaxy
the galaxy is moving through space on some axis
galaxy is part of a cluster, also moving through space
other stars and constellations are also moving through space, presumably in the same direction and speed as the Milky way.

I appreciate the answer to Why is the Solar Helical (Vortex) model wrong? - but considering the question: how can we observe the solar system's Helical motion through space, I have a new question... please allow me to present both, since they are related.
Question 1:
Again, how can we observe the Helical motion of our solar system (and galaxy) from earth? Is it by observing the passing of planets across/through constellations?
Question 2:
If I can make an analogy: like different ticking clocks stored inside a grandfather clock - is the solar system following its own Helical motion and therefore are all other solar systems within the Milkyway also following their own Helical motion? AND is the galaxy also following its own Helical motion!?
OR!
Is the solar system's motion fixed (Helically speaking), and any such movement is tied to the motion of the parent, i.e. the galaxy? In other words, is the Helical motion of the solar system the same as the galaxy, or are all solar systems moving Helically through space, e.g. many clocks within a grandfather clocks analogy.
Initially, the question was simple: how can be observe the solar system's Helical motion?
But it seemed unintuitive to me that the solar system is moving Helically while the galaxy is also moving as such - both structures on their own trajectory and paths - seems like galactic chaos.
And, all the while planets maintain their fixed orbits.
I would have guessed that the solar system is NOT moving Helically, but the galaxy is, and the solar system is simply a fixed orbital passenger, as so to speak - in the same way 8 grains of sand (planets) are passengers in a bowl of jelly (galaxy), both being carried by another vehicle (cluster).
It seems to me then, the solar system's motion through space is limited by the galaxy's motion, in terms of axis, speed - and therefore the galaxy is also fixed like a passenger on a much larger galaxy cluster.
It seems reasonable to suggest the whole universe is moving Helically(?), and all galaxies merely inherit this, but are more like grains of sand in jelly than independently ticking clocks within a larger grandfather clock.
If our solar system is moving Helically independently from the galaxy, the solar system could move at its own speed, either quicker or slower depending on environmental factors. Could the solar system really skip-out of the galaxy, racing ahead on its own Helical path(?).
So many questions! But Question 1 is the one I wish to request help answering.