How far above the galactic plane would a telescope array need to be in order to image the whole galaxy?

I hope this isn't a stupid question, but Google searches are turning up nothing relevant. I was just thinking about how it's difficult for us to determine the true shape and composition of the Milky Way because we are trapped on one side and the further you go towards, through, and out the center of the galaxy, the more opaque it becomes and therefore difficult it becomes to see through. So, I was just wondering, how far above or below the galactic plane would we have to be to be able to image the entire galaxy?
Now, if I am reading this article correctly, the Earth currently sits above the plane about 75-101 light years, so obviously more than that. Now, what I think it depends on is how big the galaxy is — both the "height" (thickness of the plane), as well as the diameter of galaxy, and the type of imaging device.
According to this article, the galactic plane is about 1,000 light years thick. So, I imagine a minimum "height" would be >500 light years, because you obviously need everything to be in front of the camera (I suppose you could do some 3-D camera and image midway between the galactic center and "highest" object from the galactic plane, and if you're spending money on an interstellar trip thousands to tens of thousands of light years long, why not put 3-d facing optics, but for this question, we will exclude 3-D telescopes). How much greater depends on how far away you need to be from that "highest" object so that its angular size (no idea if I used that correctly) does not block out a large portion of the galaxy. "Large portion" is obviously subjective, but I am a layman here, so use your expert judgement on how angularly small (again, please correct me if I used that wrong) the "highest" object would have to be for it to be of similar (again, expert judgement) size to the other stars of the galaxy.
As for what kind of imaging device: the first one I thought of for comparison was the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (not sure if this is a dated reference, it's the only telescope I have ever heard of called an "all sky survey"). According to this article images about 1.5 square degrees at a time. It further says that in 5 years, SDSS-I mapped over 8,000 sq. degrees of the sky. This article also made me realize a third factor is in play as well: time. My math says {[(5*365)+1]*24}/(8,000 sq. degrees)≈5 and a half hours per square degree of sky surveyed. You can use this measurement for a speed time/sq. degrees surveyed. And, if you know of any other speeds like this (I imagine this is an unconventional if not unique unit), it would be interesting to include them as well, because, I imagine space based telescopes are able to record much less of the night sky (which I imagine is intentional because they are trying to see further and not so wide, typically). I would especially be interested how the Hubble, James Webb, and Planck satellites would perform. And, for the time factor, I would arbitrarily pick a survey length of 1, 10, and 100 years, but of course, use whatever length you want.
Now, I imagine it is going to be a type of sliding scale: the further you get away from the galaxy, the smaller the angular size, so the less area needed to be photographed, so the less time needed to photograph, but the poorer the resolution of the galaxy.
Finally, I don't care about the technical feasibility of the program. I mean, sending data tens of thousands of light years presents obvious problems. Further, I am a high school and college drop out, so I'm sure there are tons of things I left out, don't understand, etc., I hope they are all things you can assume and inform of the details.
To summarize and hopefully be clearer, as well as avoid having the question closed, I am interested in the theoretical minimum "height" from the center of the galactic core from which a telescope array with your chosen technological capabilities could image the entire galaxy to your chosen resolution in your chosen time period.
I am not sure if I should add this or not, so delete it if necessary, but I attempted to solve this problem with the 10th grade Algebra and 9th grade geometry I have, along with what I learned in the Army about calling artillery. In the military, the angular measurement we use is the "mil", not to be confused with the milliradian. In a NATO mil circle, there are exactly 6,400 mils in a circle, and I was told that 1 mil angular measurement equals about 1 meter across at 1,000 km. This makes calling in artillery easy because if you have to adjust fire left or right X number of meters, it is that many mils times the number of kilometers away the target is. While this may suffice for artillery barrages, as I am sure you've noticed by now, this is imprecise. Still, I THINK it helped me to work out that a telescope that surveys as fast as the SDSS telescope ≈5.5 hours per sq. degree, would take ≈17,500 hours to survey the galaxy from about 10,000 light years.
Going over this, I realize the circumference of 1 km circle is 3142 meters, and I believe this means there are slightly over 2 meters per mil at 1 kilometers, so I THINK, you can just double the 17,500 hours to 35,000. But this is all guesses. While only having a 10th grade education with math, I also had some head injuries which have made me highly suspicious of my logical as well as mathematical reasoning. So, if someone could use my jump-off point to give me a more reliable answer in a similar format to what I tried, if that is at all possible, I would appreciate it.
I'll include a picture of my Google Docs page where I jotted down my stream of thoughts in case it helps at all. Thank you for any help you could give.