How many new stars visible to the naked eye have appeared since humanity started making records?

No, I don't mean supernovae. Nor novae.
I mean, has the appearance of a legitimate brand-new star of any size visible to the naked eye (i.e. in our own cozy little neighborhood) ever been recorded?
I've been doing some research on this, and all I've found so far is a bunch of smug lecture-like answers that don't make much sense.
Such as, "Star formation is a lengthy process." Presumably, this means that if a star is formed in the immediate proximity of this here Solar System, one would have to wait a few thousand years to actually see it.
I mean, seriously? Yes, it is a long process which we aren't likely to detect - with the naked eye or otherwise - but since this process is pretty common, as astronomers assure me, shouldn't some stars have been at the end of it at some point of recorded history? As in, between ancient Greece and today?
Another "curious" answer my questions have been graced with runs like this: "Well, the center of the galaxy is known as the Star Factory, that's where most stars are born."
Very well.
So how did the 9000 stars that we can actually see with the naked eye get here? And since somehow they did, couldn't others just bite the bullet and follow the same route? "It takes a long time for a star to ..." Yes, I realize that. However, galaxies began to form billions of years ago, and that's when, presumably, some of the newly formed stars decided they didn't want to live in the center and started on their way here way back, and should be arriving in our night sky one by one just about now, so where are they?
Okay, let me rephrase it:
According to the information I've been able to gather so far, the star map hasn't gained a single new star since Aristotle.
True or false?
And if true, why?
UPD:
From the comment below by @notovny: "This is a bit like saying, "I've been watching this forest for three hours, and I haven't seen any new trees." Stars don't switch on like light bulbs on human historical timescales. –
That's not entirely accurate. Unlike trees, it is quite possible to calculate, with great precision, the moment when a star becomes visible, through a telescope, or by the naked eye (two different values, by the way): we know all the necessary variables: the distance, the intensity, the mass, etc.