Is it possible to estimate the body-shape of intelligent life just by taking into account the physical conditions of a planet?

I wonder if one can estimate the body-shape of intelligent life (comparable to humans) living on land just by taking into account the physical conditions of the planet. With intelligent life (comparable to humans) I mean human like life whose technology is at least as advanced as human technology in the 1950s. Let us assume there is at maximum one species on the planet meeting above conditions. By shape I mean e.g.

the average size
number of arms (are there even arms needed)
number of fingers
size-ratio of head to body (if there is even something like a head)
where is the head
is the brain in the head
...

To clarify this question, I would like to have an answer which addresses both points:
1.) What conditions on the body have to be generally satisfied for intelligent life?
No matter how clever you are, a intelligent species needs to have the physical conditions to evolve. For humans to evolve and build tools it was mandatory that we have thumbs. If there were only four fingers without a thumb, I hardly believe we could build any tools and would not have been evolved.
2.) What conditions on the body have to be specially (= based on the physical conditions of the certain planet) satisfied for intelligent life?
I guess on earth it would be unlikely that an important part like the head could be close to the ground as it is a very important part, and it wouldn't be too good if it was put in danger to always knock against any obstacle. Furthermore, the ratio of height compared to gravitational forces should be an important factor as if we would be too tall, we would have an increased risk of dying by hitting the ground with our head to heavy.
Edit 1: I edited the question to better clarify what kind of life I mean. I am talking about life whose technology is at least the as advanced as our technology from around 1950s. This clarification is important because I think it is pretty important to have a certain body shape to be able to do construction. You could be the cleverest person on earth, if you don't have arms and legs, you cannot start constructing anything.