How exactly is UT1 measured/calculated?

Background: I am an atomic physicist so I understand atomic time pretty well. But I'm not an astrophysicist or astronomer and I know very little about astronomical measurements.
I am interested in fine details about how UT1 time is measured. I roughly understand that UT1 time is related to the rotation of the Earth relative to either the sun or distant celestial objects (I think it's the latter but I'm not sure). I also know there are detailed challenges in measuring Earth's rotation due to various wobbles of the Earth's rotation axis. I'd like to understand all these ideas much better.
I think most of my questions will be answered by me getting a nicer understand of celestial orientation axes and how measurement are made but I don't quite know where to start.
Basically I understand that Earth rotates about an axis, but that that axis might change position with respect to Earth's crust because Earth is not a sphere. I understand that this axis + one point on Earth's crust (Greenwich, England?) defines a plane in space. I understand that this axis + a distant point defines another plane and that we can speak about the angle between these two planes.
I understand that if I have a clock synchronized with Greenwich England I can measure the rotation of my plane with respect to the Greenwich plane if an Astronomer in Greenwhich and myself both record the time of day that some celestial object is "directly overhead". i.e. when "my plane" with Earth's axis and the celestial objects plane overlap. This is related to "meridians". I guess in addition to the synchronized time we also need some idea about how fast Earth rotates in radians per second. What I DON'T understand is how we know when an object is on our meridian. That is, how do we measure "right ascension"? I also don't know how we measure the declination of celestial object. Does it involve a glorified plumb bob?
So then once we understand how right ascension and declination are measured, how does polar motion affect the story? I imagine that polar drift would be observed as observatories at different positions on Earth recording different rotation rates for Earth on some given day. Like I imagine two observatories measuring the duration from one object crossing their meridian once until it crosses their meridian the next day. I can imagine if the axis wobbles a little bit it could angle the Earth so that one observatory saw a shortened day and the other saw a long day. I think the difference in length of day at the two observatories would be related to the angle and velocity of the wobble?
How does all of this information get integrated to form what we call UT1? Also, are satellites and GPS necessary for our current realization of UT1 other than for synchronizing the clocks at each participating observatory? My guess is yes. If that is so I'm curious what their role is.
Some questions I'm interested in but a little less so: (1) knowing answers to all of the above, what is the difference between UT0 and UT1 (2) I'm curious for more specific details about the observatories used to measure time. I understand that they're probably based on very long baseline interferometry. How does these "telescopes" know which they're pointing with fine enough resolution to measure UT1? What collection of objects are they observing to define UT1?
I imagine some of my question here are very very basic for astronomers, but I imagine some of them are in the weeds of time keeping. I'm curious for answers that span this whole spectrum. My apologies if I've gotten anything so wrong my question doesn't make sense! Please let me know if there is anything I can clarify.