What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow?

The following questions touch on Kordylewski clouds

Can dark matter accumulate at Lagrange points?
Are dust-dust collisions necessary to explain Kordylewski clouds at Earth-Moon L4/5? Aren't the cross-sections, number density timescales too small?

The Wikipedia article links to the image below. It shows Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski on the terrace of the Astronomical Observatory of the Jagiellonian University in Krakow and is dated April 1964. Kordylewski is holding a sizable refracting telescope. If Kordylewski is 1.7 m tall, then the main body of the telescope is 2.2 meters long, though if the top section is a long glare shield then it's also about 1.7 meters, not counting a ~0.2 m focusing tube, and the tube would be about 20 cm diameter with an objective diameter perhaps 10-20% or so smaller.
Question: What telescope is Polish astronomer Kazimierz Kordylewski holding in this April 1964 photo at the Jagiellonian University Observatory in Krakow?
If it's the main telescope of the observatory, an answer like "The Jagiellonian University Telescope" is insufficient. At least a few optical details (f/no. aperture, air-spaced or not, when it was manufactured, who made it) are need to help us understand the telescope.



Polski: Kazimierz Kordylewski - zdjęcie wykonano na tarasie Obserwatorium Astronomicznego Uniwersytetu Jagiellońskiego w Krakowie (kwiecień 1964)
Date: April 1964
Source: Urania Miesięcznik Polskiego Towarzystwa Miłośników Astronomii, nr 4, kwiecień 1981 roku, zdjęcie na czwartej stronie okładki

Google translation:

English: Kazimierz Kordylewski - the photo was taken on the terrace of the Astronomical Observatory of the Jagiellonian University in Krakow (April 1964)
Date: April 1964
Source: Urania Monthly of the Polish Society of Amateur Astronomers, No. 4, April 1981, photo on the fourth page of the cover

Source: File:Kazimierz Kordylewski - 1964.jpg

Lame photogrammetry for ratios:
 click for full size