Why can't dark energy be considered a 5th fundamental force?

So I have recently been researching for multiple articles about fundamental forces, currently there are just 4 forces:

Gravity
Electromagnetism
Strong nuclear force
Weak nuclear force

So far there have been no signs of a 5th fundamental force, as the results have been extremely obscure, with the exception of the X17 boson and the muon magnetic dipole moment anomaly. Most proposals vary from a force that either has an infinite or finite range. In the case of finite range, the range of the fifth could possibly vary from a few milimeters, municipal scales or vast cosmological scales spanning billions of light years. There indeed have been some observations that seem to support the existence of a repulsive fifth force:

Australian researchers, attempting to measure the gravitational
constant deep in a mine shaft, found a discrepancy between the
predicted and measured value, with the measured value being two
percent too small. They concluded that the results may be explained by
a repulsive fifth force with a range from a few centimetres to a
kilometre. (SOURCE)

And also:

An Airy-type geophysical experiment was conducted in a 2 km deep hole
in the Greenland ice cap at depths between 213 and 1673 m to test for
possible violations of Newton's inverse-square law. An anomalous
gravity gradient was observed. The anomaly cannot unambiguously be
attributed to a breakdown of Newtonian gravity because it might be due
to unexpected geological features in the rock below the ice.(SOURCE)

The repulsive fifth force has not yet been discovered, as considering the fact that the force affected the value of the gravitational constant by just 2-3% [$6.6743×10^{-11}$ vs $6.5408×10^{-11}$], this would mean that the fifth force would be an extremely weak force, that would have an even smaller constant than that of gravity, or that its range is pathetically limited to a small scale, like that of a few meters to some kilometers. However there does seem a likely candidate to this problem.
Dark Energy
From what I have read, it seems like dark energy, definitely doesn't operate on a small range. It in fact operates on a vast cosmological scales or even perhaps an infinite range. However, from what I have heard, dark energy has a pathetically weak effect on small scales, as it is pathetically weak at that scale.

Dark energy already gets overpowered by the strong nuclear force and weak nuclear force at atomic scales, which means, forget about trying to make atoms bigger due to expanding space

Electromagnetism, which is responsible for holding molecules and atoms in the molecules together, and also the interactions between charged particles, also overpowers dark energy easily, which prevents molecules from expanding.

Even gravity, the weakest of all the 4 fundamental forces, overwhelms dark energy, and that's the reason why orbits do not expand, or that planets get bigger, just because space time is expanding.


However, it might be possible that despite being overwhelmed, dark energy might still be able to produce negligible effects on municipal scales. And considering the fact that dark energy is repulsive in nature, as can be seen by the moving of galaxies away from us, it also seems to be responsible for the Australian mineshaft anomaly and the Greenland ice cap. So I think, but this is just a guess, that dark energy might be the 5th fundamental force, which could explain the anomalous variations of the gravitational constant, due to its repulsive nature. But scientists don't seem to be keen on this idea, and seem to think that dark energy is something else.
Why can't dark energy be considered a 5th fundamental force? If it isn't a fundamental force, then what is it?