What is the shape (along the plane, not up-down) of stellar orbits in flat spiral galaxies

What I mean is, with a central mass orbits are relatively simple, but orbits around the galaxy are different, in essence as the star orbits through the dark matter halo, the further it moves away from the center of the galaxy the greater the gravitational field, so while orbits tend to slow down as kinetic energy is turned into potential energy, stars are effectively orbiting around more mass the further they are from the center of the galaxy, which might speed them up. The equal areas over equal time rule would seem to no longer apply.
So, ignoring up and down motion relative to the plane of the galaxy, is there a common shape for galactic orbits? Is there a formula? I think eccentricity would still apply, but I don't think the orbits would be ellipses, so it would be a different kind of eccentricity. Would these orbits tend to circularize (in an ideal dark matter cloud, ignoring perturbations. Obviously perturbations would lead to, in a practical sense, unpredictable orbits, not neat and tidy formulas. I gather from a show I caught on the science channel that the Milky Way's magnetic field also plays a role in forming its spiral arms, but I'm asking in an ideal, mathematical sense, what shape would orbits be through a galaxy, from a 2D point of view, ignoring up and down motion.
Update
It occurred to me that the question might be more simply asked by a black hole in effect "orbiting" through a planet or even a low-velocity neutrino (if there are any low-velocity neutrinos). The inside a planet orbit is quite different than the Kepler orbit, because gravity increases as the object moves further away from the center. The overall orbit might still be somewhat like an ellipse but the laws for such an orbit would be different, you would see the highest acceleration at the furthest points from the center though you'd probably still see the highest velocity at the closest point to the center.
Anyway, I'm mostly just curious if those shape has been worked out and what it looks like.