Relationship between precession and dating ancient alignments

Perusing the topics here. I am convinced that this is the right place to get some answers. Although it does appear that my question should be relegated to the "childrens table".
I am curious to understand more about the topic in archeoastronomy that is used to date ancient alignments utilizing calculations based on precession (which I very basically understand as an imaginary circle drawn in space by the earth's axis-line as the earth wobbles).
For example a "temple" in Peru has been dated as being aligned with the summer SOLSTICE(es)[edited] as of 6000 years ago by unnamed experts in the field. Other unnamed experts date it at 28000 years old - to which the first set of "experts" grudgingly concede is "remotely" possible - with an absolute qualification that there was no one here to build it that far back.(Statements of absolute certainty like this and, without proof make me itchy)
First part of question is: Why the huge discrepancy in the dating? Isn't the concept of precession a proven, quantifiable fact? (OK, that was two questions.)
Second part of question is: How do the first set of experts find themselves entrenched in their dating if they must also grudgingly agree that the second dating is remotely possible? (Both groups agree that neither the Inca nor any known predecessors actually built it.)
Anything which can help me to come to grips with this dating rationale would be great.
I am not versed in astronomy whatsoever. I can barely find Sirius on a clear night. And, math is also a foreign concept as well. 
What I DO understand is Ancient Civilizations. 
So, I would like to understand this topic more so that I can discuss it with others in the field - without sounding like a complete idiot.
[Edit to clarify before more protests stack up] I acknowledge that I did not recall and therefore omitted the fact that non-solar stellar alignments AT THE TIME of summer solstice are the basis for this alignment-dating. At least that is the theory I am discussing. (There are others) One window frames the Sun at sunrise while another frames some star. The third window... I cannot locate a theory of what it was supposed to be for. I just wanted to understand the basis for DRIFT over time. And, the accepted answer does that very nicely. Thank you everyone