Is the point of this paper to say that Pluto's status as a planet should have been handled scientifically, rather than by a vote?

The abstract of a paper currently in-press in Icarus: The Reclassification of Asteroids from Planets to Non-Planets (Metzger et al. 2018, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.icarus.2018.08.026) says:

It is often claimed that asteroids‘ sharing of orbits is the reason they were re-classified from planets to non-planets. A critical review of the literature from the 19th Century to the present shows this is factually incorrect. The literature shows the term asteroid was broadly recognized as a subset of planet for 150 years. On-going discovery of asteroids resulted in a de facto stretching of the concept of planet to include the ever-smaller bodies. Scientists found utility in this taxonomic identification as it provided categories needed to argue for the leading hypothesis of planet formation, Laplace‘s nebular hypothesis. In the 1950s, developments in planet formation theory found it no longer useful to maintain taxonomic identification between asteroids and planets, Ceres being the primary exception. At approximately the same time, there was a flood of publications on the geophysical nature of asteroids showing them to be geophysically different than the large planets. This is when the terminology in asteroid publications calling them planets abruptly plunged from a high level of usage where it had hovered during the period 1801 – 1957 to a low level that held constant thereafter. This marks the point where the community effectively formed consensus that asteroids should be taxonomically distinct from planets. The evidence demonstrates this consensus formed on the basis of geophysical differences between asteroids and planets, not the sharing of orbits. We suggest attempts to build consensus around planetary taxonomy not rely on the non-scientific process of voting, but rather through precedent set in scientific literature and discourse, by which perspectives evolve with additional observations and information, just as they did in the case of asteroids. (emphasis added)

On the website there is also:

Highlights

The literature on asteroid classification is reviewed from 1801 to the present.
Scientists considered asteroids to be planets until the 1950s.
Thousands of asteroids sharing orbits was not debarring from planet status.
They were reclassified as non-planets on the basis of geophysical characteristics.
Taxonomical terms like planet are determined by the scientific process, not voting. (emphasis added)


It sounds like they are saying that Pluto's status as a planet was removed by a vote, more than by scientific consensus, and that while the title suggests that the paper is about "Asteroids" it seems the scenario might actually be proxy for Pluto's demotion.
Question: Am I misunderstanding, or is that really the main point of the last few sentences of the abstract, if not the entire paper?
Here's an example of another situation of classification being in flux: Do astronomers generally agree that the distinction between comets and astroids is not so clear?