Absolute zero speed in space

I have read multiple posts in here about the concept of an absolute zero speed definition in space. However, I have some arguments FOR absolute zero speed, which I would like to write here, and have people to comment on to see if I am missing something.
My theory:
There MUST be an absolute zero point - but not necessarily easy (nor possible) to measure.
Einstein said…
To explain why I think this must be true, I would like to list two statements that the public seems to agree on and of which I think are contradictory:

The faster you move, the slower does time feel
There is no absolute zero point of speed - all movement is relative

Statement 1 is discussed here.
The article states:

“…physicist Albert Einstein showed that time is an illusion; it is relative — it can vary for different observers depending on your speed through space.”

So, this means: If two persons move at different speeds, the fastest moving person will observe time as passing by slower than the other person. Actually, the very atoms that the person consists of will move around slower in relation to each other which will cause this “feel” of slowing time in the human brain.
So say we remove all other objects in the world so we have a universe with just these two persons. If all movement is relative, there would have been no notion of different speeds of movements of the two persons. So there MUST be an absolute definition of zero movement in the universe for statement 1. to be true.
So, how do we measure this? I really don’t know. Maybe we will never be able to. Maybe knowing what the asbolute zero is will never be important as everything we can achieve can be done without ever knowing this. But it must exist.
What am I missing?
I am fully aware that lots of people actually work and study this area quite intensively. So, I would expect that an expert on this subject may be able to pin point what I might be missing. So this is my invite to join the discussion in the thread below.
I look forward to hearing your thoughts in the matter.