Astronomy questions I wondered for hours

I read a question posted by a community member in my community that shocked me, I think it contains some pretty cool astronomy questions that I cant wait for you scientists to answer. I am asking this from stack exchange, because this is where all the real scientists are , and I want to see the truth , a real explanation , brief but simple.
I wont copy the exact question details because it will make it duplicate, but the question is posted here, please take time to read the details and explain it to me it is posted here- 
http://srilanka.answercup.com/question/215/how-can-i-convince-my-atheist-friend-that-god-exists/
I am fascinated by his explanation, I cant wait for the astronomy community to tell me the answers this guy is asking.
Ok this is the question I am pasting it here after being requested by a member on the comment section-
His tite is - 
How can i convince my atheist friend that God exists???
Apparently he seems to be religious person, who has some points to make.
This is the description of his question-

There is this friend that I have who believes in science and doesnt believe in religion. We have had many arguements, and it raises many interesting questions. I am posting this to see Answercup users opinion on it. If scientists say that Big bang is proven I have some simple questions . What happened before the big bang according to these scientists? And this big bang theory came from scientists thinking that the universe expands so if we reverse the time, it will do the opposite and come to one single point....but then if it did come from a point, I found that the expansion is INCREASING which is weird. How on earth can it be a blast , because obv like any blast it should decreases and come to a hault , here instead of the universe expansion decelerating its actually accelerating. How can these so called scientists tell something is right when common sense which can be understood by primary school children shows clearly that they are wrong ??? Plus how can you seriously get a blast from empty space ? If scientist says thats the beginning of time.

With his question, I remembered watching the vedio "Does god exist" on Discovery channel by stephen hawking. His explanations wasnt complete and he bragged about how there is no need for god, but his explanation never explained many parts. And then there are scientists who gives the excuse laws of physics break at the point of the big bang so we can't explain. So this brought my mind a new question, if scientists still cant understand what has happens in the big bang , how can they tell that God doesnt exist, and stuff like that and make them appear as facts, if they knew the physics at the big bang and talked then its fine, but here they are talking without even knowing those.
Source: http://srilanka.answercup.com/question/215/how-can-i-convince-my-atheist-friend-that-god-exists/